{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi240\ri380\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Bonnet, Krike and Miranda (2016)  and Barrett (2015) advocate for the use of sonification as a tool in the composition of electroacoustic music while Polli\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An example of the metaphorical method is the use of a soundscape of stormy weather to represent hard times because bad weather is often used as an embodied conceptual metaphor for hardship (\uc0\u90 \u775 o\u322 nowska, 2011) 
\f2\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Once these elements have been determined the literature must be consulted in order to determine how best to represent and frame the data. From here a prototyping platform can be developed that allows for the rapid exploration of different data to sound mapping strategies for representing and framing the data. After a period of experimentation and exploration in which the prototyping platform might undergo some development or be completely replaced with a platform better suited to exploring the relevant mapping strategies. Once any prototyping platforms are completed and useful data to sound mapping strategies have been discovered the process of composition can begin. This process involves developing aesthetically interesting sonifications and incorporating these materials as the basis of a larger work which might achieve some set of compositional aims. Throughout the various stages of this process a number of hypotheses about the relationship between the data and sounds in question and the mapping strategies by which they are linked are might be generated. While the finished piece might be of interest from an aesthetic and artistic point of view these hypotheses can be submitted to further empirical testing in order to determine their implications for sonic information design. While this paper explores the technical aspects of The Good Ship Hibernia\
\pard\pardeftab720\li280\fi-280\ri380\sb220\sa80\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 2.4 Example Application of the Metaphorical Balance Method 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri380\sl264\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs18 \cf0 The metaphorical balance method was applied to sonify the World Bank\'92s figures for Irish GDP % growth rate from 1979 to 2013. }