{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. They Want Overall Health. \
\
2. Join Requests with no Join Accepts - A sensor that is registering over and over again on the network. Anomalies in join requests. \
\
\
3. Individual sonifications rather than representing the entire set of data types at once.\
\
4. Listener testing have a look at time periods that people can make most sense of in terms of playing back the ossifications. \
\
5. Focus more on pitching for the sonifications. \
\
6. Keep a focus on pitch mapping and keep away from using times. \
\
\
8. Look at frame count of 0 which means a new join or a session of transmission. \
\
\
\
1. Look at packet size and spread factor to figure out time on air and make sure they are underneath 1%.  - Flag anything that is more than 1%. \
\
\
Use the periods. \
\
\
1. Defined time period structure\
2. Change of pitched sounds within that. \
3. Mixture of discrete and continuous sounds. \
\
\
\
\
4. The number of gateways picking up a single message would be worth having a look. \
\
\
1.  Rssi and SnR - combine into one sound as they should be very closely linked. \
2.  Filter frequencey or do an envelope  \
3.  Represent the spreading factors too so they get a sense of whats going on. \
		- Piggyback this information onto sounds we are already using.\
4. Any device that repeatedly sends requests on the Network would be great to have. \
5. If something is coming in on a bunch of different gateways its fine RSSI and SNR don\'92t matter but if its coming in on few it will matter maybe attenuate the signal based on how few gateways there are. \
\
6. Maybe look at anything like that. \
\
Info: RSSI Spread Factor and SnR are obviously linked and should be piggybacked on different parameters of the same sound..\
\
\
\
7. Look for gateways that go from loud quiet quickly.}